# Krystal's User Page
## Brief Introduction
Hello! My name is Krystal, and I'm a third year (transfer) computer science major in Muir College. Some hobbies and interests I have outside of programming/coding are video games and drawing. My current favorite video games are Stardew Valley, Minecraft, love&deepspace, Honkai: Star Rail, Genshin Impact, and Tetris. I used to draw WEBTOONS comics in high school, but now enjoy designing stickers and drawing landscapes in my spare time. One surprising thing about me is that I love novelty and new experiences, and love trying new things, whether it's trying new kinds of food, or exploring new places.
## Programming background
My background in programming goes many years back, all the way to summer of 4th grade. My parents, both having DevOps jobs at the time (and still have now), insisted that I learn how to code and use tools that they use everyday, like command line tools. While I hated learning python as a kid, I felt like a hacker when I learned command line tools, and felt cool everytime I had to install something via terminal due to the lines and lines of words that would output as files were being downloaded.<br /><br />
I was one of the few kids that also had to learn vi, and I hated that, since 1) what kid would enjoy learning vi when they could be outside playing and 2) learning a whole new way of navigating documents is a sharp learning curve, almost as complicated as me learning wasd controls for the first time as a kid. But I loved the benefits of learning these new tools, especially when working with the Raspberry Pi.<br /><br />
When the Raspberry Pi 1 Model B+ was released in July 2014, my dad bought one for me to make interesting gadgets and contraptions with. Boxes and boxes of wires, buttons, switches, resistors, LED bulbs, capacitors, and other gadgets still sit in the corner of my home collecting dust to this day. My biggest project I'm proud of from those many months of working with different gadgets was programming working traffic lights, which I used on my table of lego sets to set up a working road intersection, complete with pedestrian lights.<br /><br />
Another project I also worked on during the time was a simple nightlight, source code [here](https://github.com/bellachip49/raspberry_pi_bellachip49/blob/master/photocell.py). I found that I love the problem solving process of coding, which was one of many reasons I decided to pursue a computer science degree in the present.
As for languages I specialize in, I don't really have one that I would consider myself fully mastered in. I'm most familiar to python due to readability, but I can also code in C and C++. I've also written a [website](https://bellachip49.github.io/rock-garden-acnh/) with HTML and CSS, and used it for a past internship for different projects, including one that serves as a [redirect page](https://bearriver.com/).<br /><br />
Before this class, I've already been exposed to what software engineers do in the workplace, not only from past internships, but also growing up as a kid who would sometimes go with my parents to work on school holidays. I'm used to seeing how collaboration works in software engineering and also know some unspoken rules in SE, like how no one pushes changes on a Friday, because having to fix something that breaks turns into a weekend job.<br /><br />
I find that my strengths are on front-end development as well as design, as I focus primarily on the visuals of the end product. I'm also detail-oriented and believe that it's the small details in a product that can determine the success of the end result. However, I'm open to trying more backend roles since I'm not as familiar with backend development.
